Changes to: Using Spinal from VSCodium (#215)
SpinalHDL/SpinalDoc-RTD: source/SpinalHDL/Getting Started/VSCodium.rst

==========================

.. note::

>     `VSCodium <https://vscodium.com/>`_ is the open source Microsoft Visual Studio application, but without the telemetry included in Microsoft's downloadable version.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `VSCodium <https://vscodium.com/>`_ is the open source build of Visual Studio Code, but without the telemetry included in Microsoft's downloadable version.
```
Visual Studio is a separate product of MS^

> As a one-time setup task, go to view->extensions search for "Scala" and install the "Scala (Metals)" extemsion. `WebPage <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=scalameta.metals>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a one-time setup task, go to view->extensions search for "Scala" and install the "Scala (Metals)" `extension <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=scalameta.metals>`_
```

Open the workspace: ``File`` > ``Open Folder...`` and open the folder you have downloaded earlier in :ref:`template`.

> The other way to start it, is to cd into the spinaltemplatesbt directory and type ``codium .``

Reviewer: If one did follow the previous commands it would actually be in "MySpinalProject" - maybe just skip this as it's bound to break?

Author: What I did on this one, is that I went back to my fork of this repository and removed the word "spinaltemplatesbt " and replaced it with the word "appropriate". 

i, and presumably some others, find that more natural to do. 

I am not sure if that change got propagated to you or not.  I am still a bit new to this interface.  And it has been a long time since I did restructured text stuff.  I will read the manual more carefully next time I do an edit of a path or url.

Reviewer: by the looks of it, it worked out

Wait while running ``sbt bloopInstall``. Then a warning pop-up appears, you can
ignore it (don't show again).

> In the search bar, find and open ``MyTopLevel.scala``.  Once it loads select Menu Bar -> Run -> Run Without Debugging.  It performs

Reviewer: I don't get why you'd go to the search bar? While you could find the file there by searching some string from the file doesn't it make more sense to go to the explorer and open `hw/spinal/projectname/MyTopLevel.scala`?

Tried metals now on 3 machines, on all three I get the `run | debug` buttons - I think we can leave that in the docs.

Author: That is because you know where the files are located.  The new user does not know where the files are located, and so has to do a search.   I have several times had to do  

find . -name file.name

Much easier to save the new user that step.

Reviewer: yes, much easier to tell them the path I'd think?

design checks and, as the checks pass, it generates the Verilog file

> ``MyTopLevel.v`` at the root of the workspace, in ./hw/gen/MyTopLevel.v

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``MyTopLevel.v`` at the root of the workspace, in ``./hw/gen/MyTopLevel.v``
```
